Update issue templates and contribution guidelines (#374)
percona/mongodb_exporter: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/percona/community/blob/main/content/contribute/coc.md)

Percona Community is a community around developing, installing, running, optimizing, learning everything around databases and the needed infrastructure.

## The ABCs

* **A**ssume good intentions.
* **B**e nice to each other - being civil and respectful goes a long way.
* **C**riticize code, tools, other types of contributions, and situations - not people and their personalities.

## Rules

> We respect all members of the Percona Community - that involves everyone’s contributions in code, text, visuals, and chat. Your contributions might take place in one of our GitHub organizations, on Jira, on the forums, Slack, or elsewhere.

Reviewer: Community has no access to Slack. Contributing elsewhere means we may never be able to see the contribution.

> We all are committed to participating in a community where abuse and harrassment is neither tolerated nor accepted. If you want to give feedback, remember to criticize the code or other type of contribution, not the person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We all are committed to participating in a community where abuse and harassment is neither tolerated nor accepted.
```
Part of it is a duplicate of ABCs.

Author: Could you please update the source of this one? I just would copy paste from thee the new version: https://github.com/percona/community/blob/main/content/contribute/coc.md
